January 18, 2016

Today I worked on catching up on my previous week's assignments. I took the day off of work to focus on my education and my portfolio. In working on my assignments I have completed all work from Week 2 and have placed myself in a position for success for Week 3. I have completed my anchor points, worked on my Trello list called Project Back Log, updated my mission statement and decided what concepts to I was going to target this week. I spent some time doing research on laravel.com in regards to a current on-going project. This will help me when I start working on unit testing as a concept for this week.

January 19, 2016

Today was a productive day for me. I went up to the school and met with Brandon. We discussed wireframing. His suggestion for the week was to look at existing websites and draw the wireframe for those sites. We agreed to meet again, and we can look wireframes in more detail. I was also at the school and sat in on the class that Edward teaches. For the own personal coding I worked with arrays inside of PHP. This code is about different colleges and how to help my sister decide which school to choose. I also researched Swift on Treehouse. There were a couple of videos that I watched for Swift.

January 20, 2016

I didn’t get the time to code today like I had hoped. I had an appointment in the morning and then Cassie and I needed to start apartment hunting. Our current complex is raising our rent at the end of our lease so we needed to look for other options. That lasted into the early evening. I had a conversation with Edward about the rubric for the week-in-review document. After that conversation I went back over what I had submitted. Since I have to work in the morning, I am making this an early night. 

January 21, 2016

Unfortunately, I didn’t code today either. I had to work all day. By the time I got home and got something to eat, I was just worn out from the day.

January 22, 2016

Today I was able to sit down and work on some stuff. I first read a story out of the Mastery book and wrote a summary on it for class discussion. Today I concentrated on looking through all my files from past classes. I went through and looked for what files would be good additions to my portfolio and which ones I could improve upon or fix because there were errors. These projects include the languages of Python, PHP, AngularJS, and JQuery. I also took some time too watch a video on lynda.com. This video is Web Design Fundamentals by James Williamson. I spent some time talking to a fellow developer, whom I have had a good relationship with for a few years. We discussed empty directories inside of a repository and using a .gitkeep versus .keep file extension to have the directory show in a remote repository.

January 23, 2016

I had to work in the morning and then when I came home I watched some videos on Treehouse about Swift to increase my knowledge of the subject as well as continued a video lesson series on Web Design on Lynda.com. After that I was exhausted from the day so I didn't get as much done as I would have liked.

January 24, 2016

Today I watched some videos on Laracasts to improve my skills with the framework. Then I went through 3 of my AngularJS projects from a previous class and continued to improved upon them and made sure they gave me the expected results. I also made a few posts on stackoverflow.com on issues that I was struggling with and was provided help and resources to help me learn how to use the HTML5 Mode for Angular to be able to handle routing. I was not able to get more into my Python projects but this is something I hope to get to this week.

January 25, 2016

I worked 11 hours today and was not able to continue my expansion of knowledge and work through my old projects. 

January 26, 2016

I viewed more content from the Laracasts video vault and participated in online forum discussions. I also took time to meet with a member of the career development department and Edward. We discussed my portfolio, all social networking as it pertains to an online presence in the job market. I updated my resume and sent it off to career development and updated my mission statement. I also worked on my online networking presence. I was able to complete my final story summary and my anchor points for this week.